one the flow reppin and easy be the name
always do it for the love never CB Jason
Fabini my got an arsenal of I'm Styles
designed to walk your mind change the
particles inside while I represented
properly never been a novelty true auto
self-expression and there's no one
else's property but everyone enjoys it
so it makes the world better i brace you
can't measure bringing like minds
together never pressure effort goes a
long way working with the purpose to law
my hair is going gray I draw pray into
my trap with a decoy to destroy fakes
watching break like a b-boy I deploy
thoughts in the film around to get into
your mind make you thinks Pakistan as I
reminisce and that gives me strength to
endure the climb so what compensate with
myself from before my time they've left
my safe they left the bike the state
left the bikes they they've left like
the dog in everything I'm I'm in the
ultimate outlet to release my mom
my state they bless the mic the state
lesson my state a blessing like I won't
pull it out push forward forward and my
potential increases at the rate that
this is more than I live and I take it
and strive hard the cocky but I'm far
from bacon of pride no man's ideas could
be changed as the times up as waist high
and money high and wasting may live show
patience of mine
cool and collected Only Fools
disrespected they get scooped on some
lessons the microphone is like a home
Atul it's a weapon but it's peace that I
seek speak the truth in its essence is
my message no matter who hears it
whether one or a million myself it's my
spirit in the lyrics if you listen that
I'm living in the sound waves sixteen
bars nine ounces like a powers you found
he with a June and Davy be infused with
music and we use it every day we want
eardrums fear enough of bacon blocks
you're some pure hip hop running back if
you unclear they've left the bikes they
they left the bike the state left the
bikes they they bless my thought in
everything I'm rhyming for holes I'm an
outlet to release my mom state left like
they they bless the mic just a blessing
like they they bless the mic I bought
for it I push forward forward and my
potential increases aneurysms
exponential exponential
that's flatulence potential creases at
the rate that's exponential exponential
exponential expansion
breezes activate the DES potential
exponential nature